# “You can learn as you please, but learn by teaching others.”

## To a Bigger Beginning 
I have always shared my wisdom, inspiration, and challenges in all my past blogs. This blog will be bit different. I hope to share with you one very important piece of advice someone once gave me before I dive in to my final blog. As soon as we become learners, we also become teachers because knowledge holds us accountable and responsible for advancement. We rarely recognize an idea by the person who last contributed to it as we recognize the idea by its mere importance to society. This is why knowledge has always existed to everyone everywhere. To bring this all to focus, an old man had once told me a story about the origin of knowledge. He told me that once a child is born, he or she is craftsman trying to create the key to which they can unlock their own doors. However, once they grow up they realize that other people have unlocked their doors and potentials. They have actually created their keys in order to open a door of another. I know that this story might have been very abstract, but it's simple message calls for a more connected humanity thriving through dynamic and accessible knowledge. That’s about it with all the fuzzy words and stories. Let’s jump right in!           

## The Presentation
The hardest thing about teaching has to be that every person learns quite differently. That’s why powerpoints are sometimes great. You can appeal to both the visual and auditory learner through power points and slides. Many people like to ether put a lot of pictures or countless of paragraphs on their slides; however, people are overwhelmed by both. As a presenter, you need to find a balance between both in which you can engage the audience with your slides and with you message. Too much slide content can distract them from your presentation, and too little content can bore the audience as well. Therefore, I tried to limit my statements to only bullet points on my presentations. Furthermore, I utilized picture maps in order to guide the audience through my journey studying multiple of languages/APIs to attain my final project. 

## Conclusion and Takeaways
I know this is going to sound a bit redundant, but my takeaway has to involve the importance of trying to teach other people what you have learned. It might seem like its a waste of time because you can spend that time learning something else,but I am willing to bet that you will always learn something new about yourself or topic by teaching something else. I was discussing my topic with a couple of friends and I was able to come up with my three next steps, and my friends are now on their way on learning firebase. Finally, I have something I need to share with you before I say my final words. 

May you enjoy Booklatic at [tiny.cc/booklastic](https://blank-bbe14.firebaseapp.com/)

This is what I really want to leave you with: “You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself any direction you choose. You're on your own. And you know what you know. And YOU are the one who'll decide where to go...”(Dr. Seuss)
